As a species we are immersed in systems of symbols and units of measurement which allows us to make sense of reality. We use time to make sense of change and movement. Take time as an example. Think about age. Human life is separated into childhood, teenage hood, adulthood and older age. Each of these periods come with their possibilities and limits. Children are expected to play and engage in learning whilst adults are working to pay the costs of their living and gradually y a suitable and prosperous image for their retirement age.
In our twenties we experiment with the limits of our body, at the age of 50 we are expected to reach peak of our careers. We break down our days into break time, snack time, romantic time, pray time, work time, leisure time, sick time, quality time. Sometimes we run out of time, for loved ones we make time. Breaking the present moment into milli seconds, seconds, minutes, hours, days, weeks, months and years.
But what time really is? How is it that sometimes time expands, it feels we have more time, sometimes it feels we have very little time. We count the lines in a tree bark to estimate their age, but even the trees experience the plasticity of time. some circles are wider, some shorter. we see them as sign of different environmental effects, such as droughts, too much heat, rain.
Time to take pills, time to go for a walk, time to get back at someone, time to appreciate your children, time to feed the cat, time to play music time to feel guilty, time to look at time. time to do gardening, time to go to Instagram, you lose track of time, you float. Time to do some gardening you lose track of time you float. Time to change your pants, time to have a …
Let's not forget about time. Any time I check on you, whether you are still there, or try to work out, what and how to share with you my thoughts about time. Or should I say our thoughts? Because we all exist through our inter-connectedness. we rely on each other. I sort of need to know you are there.
Present somewhere… time to listen. I recently noticed that some leaves produce foam. Time for a stretch, remember how far you read. Take a mental note of that or write it down and leave. this way you don't have to think about other kinds of pressures to keep you here with me. This way you can even genuinely believe that you will try and come back. That would also be comforting for me too. To think that you may consider coming back to see me. And that you may genuinely come back. Time to be strong. Time to be there for your child, loved ones, whatever that may be. Time to varnish the shed. Expand time!!!
Time to make some foam. Stir eggs, pee, spit. Time to have a! Time to have a chat about health and safety. I beg your pardon. I didn't mean to sound so serious or anything, there are so many things that I want to talk about.
Time to belong! or be long? Excuse me, Em, Do you mind picking up the applier and turn it in 90 degrees to, I forgot which direction. You can work that out that would be most kind. I miss you.
Ok, no problem, you can come in too. You are all welcome. Just be careful not to trip over the branches or bump your lovely heads against the branches. But also, it is ok to bump into each other gently. Remember health and safety is not just about you, it's for me too. but before you start, use the applier and give me another little boost in the right direction, so I can enjoy my time with you more. Forgot to mention, don't like to get picked up. At least not until we get to know each other a little more. or should I say a tick more. Tick also wouldn't do it justice. I'm mechanical time. I generate time from the suspension and tension of my metal intestines. I yes, I do have a metal ingestive system. But it is more than what u think. I'll tell you about it later. Let's hear what he/she/they have, to share…
Thank you darling, that was lovely. Thank you for keeping it short too, you know, there are many of us here, working together. I'm sure they all have many things to say. Let's try to listen to each other. By each other means any kind or form of other or otherness your imagination fancies.
Time to drink. without drinking water, dark foams can form, and they are quite scary sometimes. The general advice would be to keep hydrated, trust your instincts and be open. How Ironic, did you notice open got crushed at the end of last line? that's ironic, isn't it? I'm sure mechanical time would also appreciate this. I can imagine them giggling all through their bellies, their metallic intensities would mjiggle, wiggle, and get all excited with joy and laughter. Well.
Let's talk about joy later. They got such mixed-up life that it would take a Long time to get to know them properly It felt ages, i did really missed you. i also managed to have a good time by myself. Time was bending in my metal intestines, still enjoying our little laughter together, Are you ok? You seem Little anxious or tense, i can just feel it. I'm sorry I didn't mean to introu hahahah ahahahahahahahahahahahaha hah
other irony. intrude also got crush at the end of last line, not including my yful, running and skating and parkouring over the last line. Oh excuse me, cum-- I beg your parden, Excuse me, here, yes down here. Do you mind using that hard, cold, metal teeth over my tuner, please hurry up, but also take your time. Enjoy it you know. But please let’s remember about boundaries. Hello CellloW, He he hehehe Hello....HHHHHoooohh ecelelelelhohoooo, Hello# HELLO! rry, I forgot to introduce myself. Remember, they don't like to get picked up. ps, de just missed to givell him another energy boost. You know what! re's an idea. they ran out of energy, so why not use the time to talk more abo out us? and then give them a ring or energy boost or whatever you wanna call t, they'd be back and it'd be like nothing happened. But that means we get toh other a little bit more. Well do I ever reminicse about some cool, or provoking, bending, hammering, touching, infuriating sentences. well
Well of course I do but also I don't. I like most sentences purely because when you are open to more things, then I get more variety of sentences, so my body, all my bits, or hammer hands, inkifier, whatever you, wannt to call all the part s of my body that you touched with your filty fingers. O common, I'm just joking I like dirt. some level of dirt is good for my base you know. helps me rememberh remember things. Humans are obsessed with cleaning. But i am sorry we are not here to talk about humans. we are here to talk about us. I'M sorry, but i am bee beginningtonfeel uncomfortable about not tensing times belly. Well to be honest I'm getting a bit anxious myslef. I mean he would have a good laugh at honestly getting crushed at the end of the last sentence. I mean the onenbefore this one. oops this is getting hard to keep track of all of us. we should perhaps give ean each other some names so we can they bring each, golly, what am I talking about.